feat(#945): change es analyzers using environment variables (#1022)
recognai/rubrix: docs/getting_started/advanced_setup_guides.rst

:raw-html-m2r:`<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2518789/142883104-f4f20cf0-34a0-47ff-8ee3-ab9f4644271c.png"/>`

Change elasticsearch index analyzers
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> As default, for index text fields, rubrix use the `standard` analyzer and the `whitespace` for accurate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, for indexing text fields, Rubrix uses the `standard` analyzer for general search and the `whitespace` analyzer for more exact queries (required by certain rules in the weak supervision module).
```

> text searches. If those analyzers does not feat your data, you can change by using the environment variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 If those analyzers don't fit your use case, you can change them using the following environment variables:
```

`RUBRIX_DEFAULT_ES_SEARCH_ANALYZER` and `RUBRIX_EXACT_ES_SEARCH_ANALYZER`.

Note that provided analyzers names should be defined as built-in ones. If you want to use a

> customized analyzer, you should create it inside an index_template matching the rubrix index names (`.rubrix*.records-v0),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
customized analyzer, you should create it inside an index_template matching Rubrix index names (`.rubrix*.records-v0),
```

> and then provide the analyzer name using the convenient environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and then provide the analyzer name using the specific environment variable.
```
